Release QA

1.Gather the following materials: 
NXT with LabView
NXT with RobotC
NXT with NXT-G
USB Cable
ChapR to be tested
9V battery
Rachel's laptop and the programmer
2.Check that power up takes approximately 2 seconds
3.Connect using USB cable for first time
4.Connect using bluetooth for first time
5.Disconnect and then reboot ChapR
6.Test personality 1 by doing the following:
Attaching 2 joysticks and testing all buttons and sticks on both
Testing that the kill switch stops the program
Testing that the wait for start begins the normal operation of the program
7.Using the programmer switch over to personality 2 (please help, Rachel)
8.Test personality 2 using the same steps as personality 1
9.Repeat steps 7 and 8 with personality 3
10.Configure EEPROM using programmer and correct values, connect to NXT and run test program to confirm, set timeout to 1 minute and make sure it happens on time
11.Configure EEPROM using flash drive and correct values, connect to NXT and run test program to confirm, set timeout to 2 minutes and change all values from EEPROM programmer config.
12.Attempt to configure EEPROM using incorrect values on flash drive, check for icky noise
13.Reset all settings to default, check mode, personality, name and lag and wait ten minutes to ensure mode implementation is correct

2.0 Added Features
******************
14.Change into match mode.
15.Test that the modes cycle properly with an FTC bot.
16.Change the personality to FRC.
17.Turn on the ChapR.
18.Plug the FirePlug into the ChapR (make sure it wasn't already paired).
19.Allow a minute or so for the FirePlug to connect.
20.Power on the roboRIO (make sure the test program is running).
21.Plug in the Logitech controller.
22.Test all the sticks and buttons (verify that it behaves the same way as the driver station)
23.Repeat step 22 with the Attack3 and Xbox controller.
24.Change into match mode and monitor in the code as various sections become enabled
25.You're done! Congratulations! Yay!
